Lior Degani, the Co-Founder and head of Marketing of Swayy, pinged me last week when I was in California to tell me about his startup and give me beta access. 
I went into Swayy to check it out, and when it asked for access to my Twitter and permission to tweet from my account, all I could think was, “If this thing spams my Twitter account I am going to bitch-slap him all over the Internet.” 
One week later, I’m totally addicted to Swayy and glad I said nothing about the spam (it doesn’t send out spam tweets but I liked the line too much to not use it for this article). 
What is Swayy? It’s like Percolate and LinkedIn recommended articles, mixed with trending keywords for the topics you find interesting, combined with an analytics dashboard that shows the trends of what you do and how people react to it. 
I can share from the service itself, but I generally prefer reading the actual post first – so I end up sharing it from the main link, using Swayy more as a service for discovery. 
I’m also finding myself checking out trending keywords more often (more often than never, which is how often I do it on Twitter.com). 
The graphs also haven’t given me any particularly special insights as I can’t see which post got the actual feedback on the graph side (however there are numbers on the Timeline side.) 
It was the suggested content that impressed me the most. 
The articles really are spot on – which is why I pinged Lior again to ask a few questions: How do you choose the articles listed on the site? Is there an algorithm involved? And is there any IP? Yes, we’re in the process of filing a patent for it. 
Who came up with the idea for Swayy, and why? And what’s your business model? Our business model is a subscription model for extra social accounts (extra Facebook / Twitter, etc) and team collaboration. 
The idea was born from our day-to-day need to be active on social media, look for the best content to share with our followers, grow them, and measure what content works best. 
Who is on the team? Ohad Frankfurt is the CEO, Shlomi Babluki is the CTO and Oz Katz does Product and Engineering, and I [Lior Degani] do Marketing. 
If you use Percolate or read LinkedIn’s recommended posts I think you’ll love Swayy. 
